README.md, before:

# Microservice Architecture & System Design with Python & Kubernetes

# Install
- docker [Reference to Installation Guide: `https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/`]
- minikube [Reference to Installation Guide: `https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/`]
- k9s [Reference to Installation Guide: `https://k9scli.io/topics/install/`]
- Python 3.x
- MySQL

# Tutorial

1. Creating our first service
```cmd
cd .\system_design\python\src\auth\
```
- Create a virtual environment
```cmd
python -m venv venv
```
- Activate the virtual environment
```cmd
.\venv\Scripts\activate
```
- Download libraries inside venv
```cmd
pip install pylint
pip install jedi
pip install pyjwt, jwt
pip install flask_mysqldb
```

---

2. Create a `server.py`
- Set the environment variable(s) for MySQL in venv:
```cmd
$env:MYSQL_HOST = 'localhost'
```
- Create a `init.sql`
- Download MySQL server and add it to System Path. (environment variables).
- Run command in venv:
```cmd
\Kubernetes_Python\system_design\python\src\auth> mysql -u root -p
```

```cmd
mysql> show databases;
mysql> exit
```

Now, run the same command with the `init.sql` file.
```cmd
Get-Content init.sql | mysql -u root -p
```

```cmd
mysql> show databases;
+--------------------+
| Database           |
+--------------------+
| auth               |
+--------------------+
mysql> use auth;
Database changed
mysql> show tables;
+----------------+
| Tables_in_auth |
+----------------+
| user           |
+----------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> desc user;
+----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
| Field    | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |
+----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
| id       | int(11)      | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |
| email    | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
| password | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
+----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
3 rows in set (0.04 sec)

mysql> select * from user;
+----+------------------+-----------+
| id | email            | password  |
+----+------------------+-----------+
|  1 | anurag@gmail.com | anurag123 |
+----+------------------+-----------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> exit
Bye
```

`To drop the Table & Database, Run:`
```cmd
mysql -u root -p -e "DROP USER auth_user@localhost"
```

```cmd
mysql -u root -p -e "DROP DATABASE auth"
```

---

3. Write the server implementation for checking username passed in request is same as the ones in DB.

## Auth Mechanism Overview

- A gateway service that connects user to internal services residing in the K8s cluster.
- A Auth Service/scheme resides in the K8s cluster. We do Basic Authentication scheme in this project.

![Auth Mechanism Overview](images/image.png)

##  Understanding JWTs and the Auth Flow - A JSON formatted string which is base64 encoded.
![Alt text](images/image-1.png)
It has 3 parts: <br>
    - Header (Algorithm and Token type) - key-value pair which has the signing algorithm (Asymmetric Signing Algo, Symmetric Signing Algo). Auth Service uses HS256 (HMAC with SHA-256 which is a symmetric algorithm). Our Auth Service is the one who's going to know the single private key.<br>
    - Payload (Data) - key-value pairs of data a.k.a. claims<br>
    - Signature - Takes the base64 header, payload and signs it using the signing algorithm.<br>

JWT Auth Mechanism:
<!-- ![Alt text](images/image-2.png) -->
<img src="images/image-2.png" alt="drawing" width="350" height="180"/>
<img src="images/image-3.png" alt="drawing" width="350" height="180"/>
<img src="images/image-4.png" alt="drawing" width="350" height="180"/>
<!-- ![Alt text](images/image-3.png)
![Alt text](images/image-4.png) -->

## Understanding server.run(host="0.0.0.0",port=5000,)

- 0.0.0.0 is kind of like a wild card.
- localhost is different, it is a loopback address and cannot be accessed from outside. 0.0.0.0 also includes the loopback address.
- This tells your OS to listen on all public IP's
- If you run your server inside a Docker container, then instead of setting the host to a static IP address is no good, because the Docker container's IP address will change the next time you run it. So, you enter 0.0.0.0 so that the OS/Flask application running inside the container listens to all public IP's.

![Alt text](images/image-5.png)

A docker container can be part of 2 Docker networks where it will have two different IP addresses. So, in order for the Flask application to work in both Docker networks, we need to configure the application to listen to 0.0.0.0 .

- Freeze the requirements
```cmd
pip freeze > requirements.txt
```
---

4. Create a `Dockerfile`
- Think of an image as a filesystem snapshot which contains all the necessary dependencies to run python
- Each line should result in a construction of a single layer. For example, if our code changes then we don't need to, for example, rebuild the `pip install requirements.txt` layer, hence saving us a lot of time during build.
- Any layer that's rebuilt, the following/upper layers have to be rebuilt as well.

![Docker Image layers](images/image-6.png)

```cmd
docker build .
```

- Create a docker repository on DockerHub (hub.docker.com)

- Tag the Docker Image (Image ID is the text attached to sha256:{...})
```cmd
docker tag <image_id> anuragb98/auth:latest
```
- Push the image to the remote repository
```cmd
docker push anuragb98/auth:latest
```
- Pull the image
```cmd
docker pull anuragb98/auth:latest
```
`But, our Kubernetes configurations are going to be pulling these images.`

---

5. Create a directory called `manifests` which will include all our Kubernetes configurations.
- Create a `auth-deploy.yaml` file. Here, we are actually pulling the Docker Image (which contains our source code) from the repository and deploying it to Kubernetes.
- Create a `configmap.yaml` file which will contain environment variables for our container.
- Create a `secret.yaml` to store DB passwords.
- Create a `service.yaml`.

- We wrote the code for our Auth Service and, we created a Dockerfile to create a Docker Image for that source code, and then we pushed that Docker Image to a DockerHub Repository.
- Within the `manifests` dircetory, we wrote the infrastructure code for our Auth Deployment. So, all of the files in this directory, when applied will interface with k8s API to create our service and its corresponding resources.

So, Run:
```cmd
kubectl apply -f .\manifests\
```

Run:
```cmd
minikube start
k9s
```

- You should see 2 containers in a pod running.
- You can access the containers using the shell. (Just press 's')
```cmd
env | grep MySQL
```
You should be able to see the configurations.

## More on Kubernetes

**What is Kubernetes ?** - In simple terms, k8s eliminates many of the manual processes involved in scaling and deploying containerized applications.

- If we configure a service to have 4 pods, k8s will keep track of how many pods are up and running and if any of the pods go down for any reason, k8s will automatically scale the deployment so that the number of pods matches the configured amount.

- So, there is no need to manually deploy individual pods when the pod crashes.

![Alt text](image.png)

- k8s also makes manually scaling pods more streamlined. For example, if we have a service that load balances requests to individual pods using round-robin and that service is experiencing more traffic than the available number of pods can handle. As a result of this, we can decide to scale our service up from 2 to 5 pods.

- Without k8s, in a situation like this we would likely need to manually deploy each individual additional pod and then we would need to reconfigure the load balancer to include the new pods in the round-robin order.

![Alt text](image-1.png)

- k8s does all this for you! It is as simple as running this command:
```cmd
kubectl scale deployment --replicas=6 service
```

![Alt text](image-3.png)

- k8s will scale up your service which includes maintaining the newly scaled number of pods, if the pod happens to crash. And, it will auto-configure the load balancer to include the new pods.

- With k8s, we can cluster together a bunch of containerized services and easily orchestrate the deployment and management of the services in the cluster using `kubernetes objects` which are persistent entities in the k8s system.

`A k8s object is a "record of intent" - once you create the object, the k8s system will constantly work to ensure the object exists. By creating an object, you're effectively telling the k8s system what you want your cluster's workload to look like; this is your cluster's desired state`

- This sounds complicated, but we already did all these things.
- The `auth-deploy.yaml` file is the "record of intent". In that we specified that we want 2 replicas to be deployed. The `status` describes the *current state* of the object, supplied and updated by the k8s system and its components. The k8s control plane continually and actively manages every object's actual state to match the desired state you supplied.

`To work with k8s objects--create, modify or delete them--you'll need to use the k8s API. When you use the `kubectl` CLI, for example, the CLI makes the necessary k8s API calls for you.`

- In our case, we are running our cluster locally using `minkube` so the end-point for the k8s API is on our local machine. But, in the real world your cluster will usually be dpeloyed on some server and on your local machine you'll have some k8s configuration for the cluster on that server which will enable your local `kubectl` CLI to interface with the remote server.

![Alt text](image-4.png)

**Required Fields in the .yaml files:**

- *apiVersion* - which version of the k8s API you're using to create this objevt
- *kind* - what kind of object you want to create
- *metadata* - data that helps uniquely to identify the object
- *spec* - what state you desire for the object

**Use the k8s API Reference** to find the spec format for the objects you can create using k8s.

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: auth
  labels:
    app: auth
spec:
  replicas: 2
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: auth
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxSurge: 3
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: auth
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: auth
          image: anuragb98/auth:latest
          ports:
            - containerPort: 5000
          envFrom:
            - configMapRef:
                name: auth-configmap
            - secretRef:
                name: auth-secret
```

**Explanation:**

- https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/deployment-v1/

- Within our template, for our replicas we are setting the labels with key `app` and value `auth`. So, the template is going to be the configuration for each individual pod.

- The `selector` is going to `matchLabels` that are assigned to each individual pod in our template. So, the deployment knows what pods are part of the deployment. According to the template, each pod is going to be deployed with the label that's a key-value pair of `app:auth`. Our deployment is going to select the pods using the same labels `app:auth`.

- `replicas` is the number of desired pods to be deployed.

- `strategy` is the deployment strategy to use to replace existing pods with new ones.
    - "Recreate" - Kill all existing pods before creating new ones.
    - "RollingUpdate" - Replace the old ReplicaSets by new one gradually scaling down the old ReplicaSets and scale up the new one.
- `maxSurge` is the maximum number of pods that can be scheduled above the desired number of pods. So, if our desired number of pods is 2 and we need to do an update, it might be necessary to exceed the number of replicas while some pods are shutting down and newer pods are spinning up. So, it's effectively to give us some extra headroom.

- `template` describes the pods that will be created. Here `spec` has a different format. This is where we define the name of our container and the source to pull the image from our Docker Repository. `ports` is similar to the `EXPOSE` instruction in our Dockerfile. The `ports` is primarily informational though here.

- `envFrom` is a list of sources to populate environment variables in the container. So, our `configmap.yaml` is where we defined our environment variables for our container which we also saw in the shell from inside the container.

- `secretRef` - secrets are stored as environment variables as well. Our secrets come from `secret.yaml` file.

- Both `secret.yaml` and `configmap.yaml` are separate k8s objects in itself.

---

6. Gateway Service Code - In `src` folder create another service folder: `gateway`

- Create a venv inside this folder and activate the virtual environment.
```cmd
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
```

- Create `server.py`

- Inside the venv, install:
```cmd
jedi
pylint
pika
flask
pyMongo - to wrap our Flask server to interface with MongoDB
Flask-PyMongo
```

## What is GridFS in relation to MongoDB?

- We are using MongoDB to store MP3 and Video files. MongoDB has limits and thresholds though. The maximum BSON document size is 16 MB, over which there is performance degradation. What they provide as an alternative is GridFS API to work with files larger than 16 MB by sharding the files.

- Instead of storing a file in a single document, GridFS divides the file into parts or chunks and stores each chunk as a separate document. 

- By default, GridFS uses a default chunk size of 255kB, i.e., GridFS divides a file into chunks of 255 kB with the exception of the last chunk. The last chunk is only as large as necessary.

- GridFS uses two collections to store files. One collection stores the file chunks and the other stores file metadata.

- When you query GridFS for a file, the driver will reassemble the chunks as needed.

- It is not only useful for storing files that exceed 16MB but also for storing any files for which you want access without having to load the entire file into memory.

# References
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmkF77F9TLw - Microservice Architecture and System Design with Python & Kubernetes

Commit message:

image folder updated and readme fixed + R-MQ impl

README.md, after:

# Microservice Architecture & System Design with Python & Kubernetes

# Install
- docker [Reference to Installation Guide: `https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/`]
- minikube [Reference to Installation Guide: `https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/`]
- k9s [Reference to Installation Guide: `https://k9scli.io/topics/install/`]
- Python 3.x
- MySQL

# Tutorial

1. Creating our first service
```cmd
cd .\system_design\python\src\auth\
```
- Create a virtual environment
```cmd
python -m venv venv
```
- Activate the virtual environment
```cmd
.\venv\Scripts\activate
```
- Download libraries inside venv
```cmd
pip install pylint
pip install jedi
pip install pyjwt, jwt
pip install flask_mysqldb
```

---

2. Create a `server.py`
- Set the environment variable(s) for MySQL in venv:
```cmd
$env:MYSQL_HOST = 'localhost'
```
- Create a `init.sql`
- Download MySQL server and add it to System Path. (environment variables).
- Run command in venv:
```cmd
\Kubernetes_Python\system_design\python\src\auth> mysql -u root -p
```

```cmd
mysql> show databases;
mysql> exit
```

Now, run the same command with the `init.sql` file.
```cmd
Get-Content init.sql | mysql -u root -p
```

```cmd
mysql> show databases;
+--------------------+
| Database           |
+--------------------+
| auth               |
+--------------------+
mysql> use auth;
Database changed
mysql> show tables;
+----------------+
| Tables_in_auth |
+----------------+
| user           |
+----------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> desc user;
+----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
| Field    | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |
+----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
| id       | int(11)      | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |
| email    | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
| password | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
+----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
3 rows in set (0.04 sec)

mysql> select * from user;
+----+------------------+-----------+
| id | email            | password  |
+----+------------------+-----------+
|  1 | anurag@gmail.com | anurag123 |
+----+------------------+-----------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> exit
Bye
```

`To drop the Table & Database, Run:`
```cmd
mysql -u root -p -e "DROP USER auth_user@localhost"
```

```cmd
mysql -u root -p -e "DROP DATABASE auth"
```

---

3. Write the server implementation for checking username passed in request is same as the ones in DB.

## Auth Mechanism Overview

- A gateway service that connects user to internal services residing in the K8s cluster.
- A Auth Service/scheme resides in the K8s cluster. We do Basic Authentication scheme in this project.

![Auth Mechanism Overview](images/image.png)

##  Understanding JWTs and the Auth Flow - A JSON formatted string which is base64 encoded.
![Alt text](images/image-1.png)
It has 3 parts: <br>
    - Header (Algorithm and Token type) - key-value pair which has the signing algorithm (Asymmetric Signing Algo, Symmetric Signing Algo). Auth Service uses HS256 (HMAC with SHA-256 which is a symmetric algorithm). Our Auth Service is the one who's going to know the single private key.<br>
    - Payload (Data) - key-value pairs of data a.k.a. claims<br>
    - Signature - Takes the base64 header, payload and signs it using the signing algorithm.<br>

JWT Auth Mechanism:
<!-- ![Alt text](images/image-2.png) -->
<img src="images/image-2.png" alt="drawing" width="350" height="180"/>
<img src="images/image-3.png" alt="drawing" width="350" height="180"/>
<img src="images/image-4.png" alt="drawing" width="350" height="180"/>
<!-- ![Alt text](images/image-3.png)
![Alt text](images/image-4.png) -->

## Understanding server.run(host="0.0.0.0",port=5000,)

- 0.0.0.0 is kind of like a wild card.
- localhost is different, it is a loopback address and cannot be accessed from outside. 0.0.0.0 also includes the loopback address.
- This tells your OS to listen on all public IP's
- If you run your server inside a Docker container, then instead of setting the host to a static IP address is no good, because the Docker container's IP address will change the next time you run it. So, you enter 0.0.0.0 so that the OS/Flask application running inside the container listens to all public IP's.

![Alt text](images/image-5.png)

A docker container can be part of 2 Docker networks where it will have two different IP addresses. So, in order for the Flask application to work in both Docker networks, we need to configure the application to listen to 0.0.0.0 .

- Freeze the requirements
```cmd
pip freeze > requirements.txt
```
---

4. Create a `Dockerfile`
- Think of an image as a filesystem snapshot which contains all the necessary dependencies to run python
- Each line should result in a construction of a single layer. For example, if our code changes then we don't need to, for example, rebuild the `pip install requirements.txt` layer, hence saving us a lot of time during build.
- Any layer that's rebuilt, the following/upper layers have to be rebuilt as well.

![Docker Image layers](images/image-6.png)

```cmd
docker build .
```

- Create a docker repository on DockerHub (hub.docker.com)

- Tag the Docker Image (Image ID is the text attached to sha256:{...})
```cmd
docker tag <image_id> anuragb98/auth:latest
```
- Push the image to the remote repository
```cmd
docker push anuragb98/auth:latest
```
- Pull the image
```cmd
docker pull anuragb98/auth:latest
```
`But, our Kubernetes configurations are going to be pulling these images.`

---

5. Create a directory called `manifests` which will include all our Kubernetes configurations.
- Create a `auth-deploy.yaml` file. Here, we are actually pulling the Docker Image (which contains our source code) from the repository and deploying it to Kubernetes.
- Create a `configmap.yaml` file which will contain environment variables for our container.
- Create a `secret.yaml` to store DB passwords.
- Create a `service.yaml`.

- We wrote the code for our Auth Service and, we created a Dockerfile to create a Docker Image for that source code, and then we pushed that Docker Image to a DockerHub Repository.
- Within the `manifests` dircetory, we wrote the infrastructure code for our Auth Deployment. So, all of the files in this directory, when applied will interface with k8s API to create our service and its corresponding resources.

So, Run:
```cmd
kubectl apply -f .\manifests\
```

Run:
```cmd
minikube start
k9s
```

- You should see 2 containers in a pod running.
- You can access the containers using the shell. (Just press 's')
```cmd
env | grep MySQL
```
You should be able to see the configurations.

## More on Kubernetes

**What is Kubernetes ?** - In simple terms, k8s eliminates many of the manual processes involved in scaling and deploying containerized applications.

- If we configure a service to have 4 pods, k8s will keep track of how many pods are up and running and if any of the pods go down for any reason, k8s will automatically scale the deployment so that the number of pods matches the configured amount.

- So, there is no need to manually deploy individual pods when the pod crashes.

![Alt text](images/image-7.png)

- k8s also makes manually scaling pods more streamlined. For example, if we have a service that load balances requests to individual pods using round-robin and that service is experiencing more traffic than the available number of pods can handle. As a result of this, we can decide to scale our service up from 2 to 5 pods.

- Without k8s, in a situation like this we would likely need to manually deploy each individual additional pod and then we would need to reconfigure the load balancer to include the new pods in the round-robin order.

![Alt text](images/image-8.png)

- k8s does all this for you! It is as simple as running this command:
```cmd
kubectl scale deployment --replicas=6 service
```

![Alt text](images/image-9.png)

- k8s will scale up your service which includes maintaining the newly scaled number of pods, if the pod happens to crash. And, it will auto-configure the load balancer to include the new pods.

- With k8s, we can cluster together a bunch of containerized services and easily orchestrate the deployment and management of the services in the cluster using `kubernetes objects` which are persistent entities in the k8s system.

`A k8s object is a "record of intent" - once you create the object, the k8s system will constantly work to ensure the object exists. By creating an object, you're effectively telling the k8s system what you want your cluster's workload to look like; this is your cluster's desired state`

- This sounds complicated, but we already did all these things.
- The `auth-deploy.yaml` file is the "record of intent". In that we specified that we want 2 replicas to be deployed. The `status` describes the *current state* of the object, supplied and updated by the k8s system and its components. The k8s control plane continually and actively manages every object's actual state to match the desired state you supplied.

`To work with k8s objects--create, modify or delete them--you'll need to use the k8s API. When you use the `kubectl` CLI, for example, the CLI makes the necessary k8s API calls for you.`

- In our case, we are running our cluster locally using `minkube` so the end-point for the k8s API is on our local machine. But, in the real world your cluster will usually be dpeloyed on some server and on your local machine you'll have some k8s configuration for the cluster on that server which will enable your local `kubectl` CLI to interface with the remote server.

![Alt text](images/image-10.png)

**Required Fields in the .yaml files:**

- *apiVersion* - which version of the k8s API you're using to create this objevt
- *kind* - what kind of object you want to create
- *metadata* - data that helps uniquely to identify the object
- *spec* - what state you desire for the object

**Use the k8s API Reference** to find the spec format for the objects you can create using k8s.

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: auth
  labels:
    app: auth
spec:
  replicas: 2
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: auth
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxSurge: 3
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: auth
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: auth
          image: anuragb98/auth:latest
          ports:
            - containerPort: 5000
          envFrom:
            - configMapRef:
                name: auth-configmap
            - secretRef:
                name: auth-secret
```

**Explanation:**

- https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/deployment-v1/

- Within our template, for our replicas we are setting the labels with key `app` and value `auth`. So, the template is going to be the configuration for each individual pod.

- The `selector` is going to `matchLabels` that are assigned to each individual pod in our template. So, the deployment knows what pods are part of the deployment. According to the template, each pod is going to be deployed with the label that's a key-value pair of `app:auth`. Our deployment is going to select the pods using the same labels `app:auth`.

- `replicas` is the number of desired pods to be deployed.

- `strategy` is the deployment strategy to use to replace existing pods with new ones.
    - "Recreate" - Kill all existing pods before creating new ones.
    - "RollingUpdate" - Replace the old ReplicaSets by new one gradually scaling down the old ReplicaSets and scale up the new one.
- `maxSurge` is the maximum number of pods that can be scheduled above the desired number of pods. So, if our desired number of pods is 2 and we need to do an update, it might be necessary to exceed the number of replicas while some pods are shutting down and newer pods are spinning up. So, it's effectively to give us some extra headroom.

- `template` describes the pods that will be created. Here `spec` has a different format. This is where we define the name of our container and the source to pull the image from our Docker Repository. `ports` is similar to the `EXPOSE` instruction in our Dockerfile. The `ports` is primarily informational though here.

- `envFrom` is a list of sources to populate environment variables in the container. So, our `configmap.yaml` is where we defined our environment variables for our container which we also saw in the shell from inside the container.

- `secretRef` - secrets are stored as environment variables as well. Our secrets come from `secret.yaml` file.

- Both `secret.yaml` and `configmap.yaml` are separate k8s objects in itself.

---

6. Gateway Service Code - In `src` folder create another service folder: `gateway`

- Create a venv inside this folder and activate the virtual environment.
```cmd
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
```

- Create `server.py`

- Inside the venv, install:
```cmd
jedi
pylint
pika
flask
pyMongo - to wrap our Flask server to interface with MongoDB
Flask-PyMongo
```

## What is GridFS in relation to MongoDB?

- We are using MongoDB to store MP3 and Video files. MongoDB has limits and thresholds though. The maximum BSON document size is 16 MB, over which there is performance degradation. What they provide as an alternative is GridFS API to work with files larger than 16 MB by sharding the files.

- Instead of storing a file in a single document, GridFS divides the file into parts or chunks and stores each chunk as a separate document. 

- By default, GridFS uses a default chunk size of 255kB, i.e., GridFS divides a file into chunks of 255 kB with the exception of the last chunk. The last chunk is only as large as necessary.

- GridFS uses two collections to store files. One collection stores the file chunks and the other stores file metadata.

- When you query GridFS for a file, the driver will reassemble the chunks as needed.

- It is not only useful for storing files that exceed 16MB but also for storing any files for which you want access without having to load the entire file into memory.

## Updated Architecture Overview

**How RabbitMQ integrates with our overall architecture ?**
- When a user uploads a video to be converted to MP3, that request will first hit our Gateway. That gateway will store the video in MongoDB and then put a message on the Queue (which is our RabbitMQ), letting downstream services know that there is a video to be processed in MongoDB.

- The Video To MP3 converter service will consume the messages from the queue. It will then get the ID of the video from the message, pull that video from MongoDB, convert the Video to MP3 then store the MP3 on MongoDB, then put a new message on the queue to be consumed by the Notification service that the conversion job is done.

- The Notification service consumes those messages from the queue and sends an email notification to the client, informing the client that the MP3 for the video they uploaded is ready for download.

- The Client will then use an unique ID acquired from the notification + their JWT to make a request to the API gateway to download the MP3. And, the API Gateway will pull the MP3 from MongoDB and serve it to the client.

![Architecture Overview](images/image-11.png)

## Some Key Terms concerning Microservice Architecture

1. Synchronous Interservice Communication


# References
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmkF77F9TLw - Microservice Architecture and System Design with Python & Kubernetes
